Fix DITA warnings in Tuning Performance guide (#4863)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_enabling-tuned-profiles.adoc

= Enabling tuned profiles

[role="_abstract"]

> Enable tuned profiles to automatically optimize your system's performance settings for {Project} workloads. This improves overall system performance by applying configuration optimizations tailored to your deployment type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable tuned profiles to automatically optimize the performance settings of {Project} for its workloads.
This improves overall system performance by applying configuration optimizations tailored to your deployment type.
```

I also think that "deployment type" could be "environment". It's more of less how large the machine/VM is, aka. cores and memory.

Author: replaced "deployment type" with "environment" :)
